Spring is, by far, the most popular framework for application development in the Java ecosystem. By a wide margin. The reason is actually quite simple - it does a lot of things right, and it's getting better and better with each release.

There aren't a lot of technologies with the kind of wide reach, stability and maturity of Spring, that still move fast and innovate. That's a really tough balance to hit, and Spring has been hitting it for over a decade.

Today, Spring, along with Boot, is a polished, modern and highly expressive framework, easily passing the Twitter test. That's where you can actually fit useful functionality into a single tweet :)

So, the popularity of the Spring ecosystem is well deserved. If you're working in Java, you're very likely doing work with Spring.

And, while the Spring ecosystem is quite large and moving fast, the core functionality is actually super stable.

Learning Spring means - learning the core, Spring MVC, persistence, the basics of Spring Security. These are the foundations and, like all good foundations, they're stable and well established.

Simply put, there’s never been a better time to learn and practice and improve your Spring foo in a guided way, coding along with me through each video lesson here.

In each module, you'll be building actual code. The video is there to carefully show you how to understand a single aspect of Spring by using it in practice.

Each of the 3 classes below feature a different level of education:

The lessons start with the fundamentals of building a simple but practical application with Spring and quickly guide you through having the tools to navigate your way through the framework well.

My name is Eugen, and I'll be your instructor through the course.

I've worked in the Java ecosystem for well over a decade now, and in that time, I've built and led teams through quite a number of Spring implementations. And of course I've been teaching and writing about Spring throughout all of that time.

The lessons here come out of that experience, with a very simple goal - to get you super comfortable with Spring 5 and with Boot 2. You can't do that by just watching videos - you'll need to code, along with me, each step of the way. The videos and the multiple-choice questions are your reference to come back to whenever you need them.